Use warning component for reasoning effort note (#650)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/v2/text-generation/compatibility-api.mdx

- `frequency_penalty`
- `presence_penalty`

<Warning title="Note">  
Currently, only **`none`** and **`high`** are supported for `reasoning_effort`.  

> These correspond to passing `{ thinking: { type: "disabled" \| "enabled" } }` in Chat V2.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These correspond to enabling or disabling `thinking` in the Cohere Chat API.  
```
